What were your goals/learning outcomes for this work term?
Did you develop goals relating to your job tasks?
What skills did you want to learn? How will these tasks benefit your next work
experience?
What technologies did you want to work with and why?
Reflecting on your goals/learning outcomes, what goals did you complete? What goals
were you not successful in completing and why?


Goals: 
1) I would like to improve my communication skills of speaking up and sharing my own individual opinions and ideas in the workplace by the end of my co-op term. 
2) I would like to enhance my creativity in coding projects to better my problem-solving skills by the end of this work term. 
3) I want to improve my ability to accurately meet deadlines over my work term. 
4) I want to improve my question and inquiry skills over my work term.
5) I want to learn and become proficient in web development over the course of my work term.

Did you develop goals relating to your job tasks: (Possibly skip/skim over)
. PHP
What skills did you want to learn?
. Web Development
. Project Management
. Code analysis
. Commmunication

What Technologies did you want to work with and why?
. Coding Languages: PHP, JS, CSS
. 


Goals Intro

During the first month of my work term, I set five individual goals for myself to accomplish during my time at Trade-Mark Industrial Inc.
Throughout my term, I worked to put my goals into achieveable steps to ensure that by the end of my term I had developed 
my skillset with a multitude of interpersonal and technical skills.

Primary Goals

Goal 1:

My first goal consisted of improving my communication skills and being able to share my own opinions and ideas within the workplace to my colleagues. 
I wanted to have a voice within the work place and contribute towards my department whilst I was there to offer a different perspective on how to
accomplish certain tasks or integrate upon software. As my work term continued and I was provided with different projects to work on, my goal shifted
to focus more heavily onto the software side of things and providing my own intepreations on how we could build our project and format the innerworkings.
To achieve my goal, whenever I was given an individual task I would speak with my colleagues on how I'd think to achieve it and ask for feedback on my thought process.
Eventually, I was able to primarily accomplish tasks with little direction and showcase my thought process upon completion. Being able to frequently discuss my work with others
allowed me to greatly improve my sense of communication and confidence within my own ideas. 

Goal 2: 

My second goal consisted of improving my creativity of problem solving within coding projects. During the course of my term I was frequently given tasks to 
implement or itterate upon across various software projects. These varied in size and difficulty with certain assignments spanning across a multitude of weeks, I
realized early on that I would need to hone in on my creative ability and out of the box style thinking to properly achieve my goals on time. Over the span of my term 
as I became more comfortable within the enviorment and the technologies used, it became significantly easier to establish creative practices and I found myself finishing
projects at a much faster rate, often being able to come up with a solution fairly quickly and then spending time on implementation. Achieving this goal felt incredibly rewarding
and my inherent skill as a programer has developed greatly as a result.

Goal 3:

My third goal was to improve my time management skills, and ensure that I never miss a deadline during the span of my term. This was a very personal goal as time management has
always been a difficult skill for me to develop, I wanted to get every single task done in a timely manner and never have something run late. At the start of my workterm, I made it
a habit to check in with myself on any active projects every single day. Doing this allowed me to see what was most urgent to get done, how close a project was to being finished, and what
parts of a project needed attention. Through implementing this system, I never had any issue regarding the completion of a task and frequently got things done ahead of schedule. This allowed me
to improve my time management skills, and provided me with extra time to enhance ongoing work and less urgent matters.

Goal 4:

My fourth goal was to improve my question and inquiry skills and ensure that during my work term I was learning to my maximum potential. At the start of my work term, I frequently shadowed my
co-workers during a variety of IT complications and how they were able to resolve them. My goal quickly shifted to be focused on how I could use these oppertunities to learn through questions and
develop my ability to inquire about what was transpiring so that I was constantly learning and absorbing knowledge. Whenever I was alongside someone to assist an employee, I asked consistent questions
and asked for extra explanation if at any point I didn't understand what was occuring. As time went on and familair situations began to show up, I was able to ask less and less questions and focus more
on the immediate task at hand, repeat explanations allowed me to test my knowledge and gave me a chance to ask more indepth and obscure questions that I didn't have the time for at first. My knowledge
quickly grew and I found my questions being more meaningful as time went on, this allowed me to feel increasingly confident in helping employees on my own and in my own inquiry skills.

Goal 5:

My fifth goal was to gain increased profeciency within web development to the point where I would be able to create my own website. At the start of my work term I had very little experience in web development, 
it was incredibly daunting to be given web development based tasks and see what the previous co-op students before me had worked upon. I made it a goal to become fluent in web development so I could achieve
the best possible results during my work term and for my ongoing career. I spent a lot of time reading documentation on the coding languages I would be using and through the exisiting software and studied it 
until I was able to understand everything present and could easily read the current implementations. Once I had the required knowledgebase, I began to work on impelementing new features I was tasked to build
my web skillset in both front-end and back-end enviornments. As time went on and I began working on more complex features, working on web development became increasingly easier to accomplish and creating 
the work term report website felt like second nature.

Technologies:

Some Technologies I worked with:

Coding Languages:

PHP, JS, CSS 
Made up the basis of both the back-end and front-end of my web development

Bootstrap5:
Front end framework that further enhanced any web based software 

JQuery:
A DOM manipulation library that provided invaluable tools to help create a reactive webpage
