Give an overview of your job or project. Highlight the most interesting or unique aspects
of your job. What skills did you need for the job? Did you learn them in class or on the
job?

Job Description:
  . Split into two sections (Assistance/Software Development)
Overview:
  . A bit longer than a paragraph

During my time at Trade-Mark Industiral Inc, I worked under the position of IT Co-op Student performing a variety of tasks on a daily basis.
The majority of my work revolved around a variety of internal web-based projects to manage and update frequently and effeciently. For the duration of my term, I acted as the primary software developer 
on a brand new company project which served the purpose of tracking and uploading a variety of company jobs onto a easy to use web page. For my main project, once or twice a
week I would discuss with my colleagues where the project was headed and what was currently required for the next iteration to be complete. These updates ranged
from small changes such as re-naming specific fields or altering user input forms, to bug fixes or completely new ways to display and interact with given company data
requiring both a grand amount of front-end web page development and backend jquery development. Whenever a new version was completed, I would call for another discussion to recieve feedback on my work
and what could be improved to ensure I had properly completed all tasks. During my time working on the main project I would often have to turn my attention to pressing issues regarding other software for 
urgent bug fixes, this resulted in some later nights but it was incredibly rewarding to be able to figure out what had gone wrong and be the person to fix it. One of the most interesting aspects of this work
was to be actively overlooking multiple projects and seeing the similarities and differences between them. Having to fix a project I hadn't created myself is something I had no prior experience with, but doing so
and seeing the desicions other devlelopers before me had made and how these led to bugs provided me with invaluable experience and knowledge.

When I wasn't attending to my software development duties, I would be performing IT help related work around the office. This typically included going around the workplace and meeting up with people from
other departments and attempting to fix any issues they had to help them continue working at maximum effeciency. This included common errors such as not being able to sign in to their computer or any software or
complications with any hardware such as printers and laptops. Going around physically to other peoples desks greatly helped me get to know the other departments and feel more familair with the workplace, and as 
similar situations came up over and over it became increasingly easier to quickly get people back up and running. Before employees were brought onboard, I would work to have everything prepared for them for their
first day. This included setting up a work laptop with their profile and any required software and equipment they would need. At first this was an incredibly daunting task but as I was given more experience
setting up for new employees it became relatively straight forward. I would also go over to their desk and set everything up for them to ensure everything was working which helped me learn about cable management 
skills.



Skills and Duties List:
. Can be protrayed in a list like format, one on the left and one on the right
Assistance Duties:
  . Highlight IT duties such as attending to employee inquiries (General Assistance)
    1  Account sign-in complications
    2  Software not working properly
    3  Internet Connection issues
  . Hightlight Hardware related work (Laptops and Printers)
    1 Setting up laptops and desktops for oncoming users
    2 Setting up work spaces
    3 Fixing and setting up printers
Assistance Skills:
  . Communication
  . Hardware Knowledge
  . Software Knowledge
  . Problem Solving
  . Attention to Detail
Software Development Duties:
  . Hightlight Web Development and Projects (EJN (Write Vaguely))
Software Development Skills:
  . Coding languages: PHP, HTML, JS
  . Front-End Development
  . Problem Solving
  . Updating a project
  . Interpreting user feedback
  

